[STAT-492] Add static-analysis.datadog.yml documentation (#19375)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/continuous_integration/static_analysis/_index.md

  - python-inclusive
```

A `static-analysis.datadog.yml` file supports the following:

| Name               | Description                                                                               | Required | Default |
|--------------------|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|----------|---------|
| `rulesets`         | A list of ruleset names. [View all available rulesets][6].                                | `true`   |         |
| `ignore-paths`     | A list of relative paths to ignore. It supports using globbing patterns.                  | `false`  |         |

> | `ignore-gitignore` | Controls if the Datadog Static Analysis will analyze the content in a `.gitignore` file.  | `false`  | `true`  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `ignore-gitignore` | Determines whether Datadog Static Analysis will analyze the content in a `.gitignore` file.  | `false`  | `true`  |
```
